The Selene Gamefi Team is announcing the NFT Gaming Platform for NFT auctions, trades, and listings with the Play to Earn game platform and NFT staking.


 ZEPPRWIRE can be called DAO, because it is driven by intelligent technology . Be sure to play and earn NFTs soon. NFT's market place will be streaming live on the 15th of February . : 
ZEPPRWIRE can be called DAO, because it is driven by intelligent technology. Be sure to play and earn NFTs soon. NFT's market place will be streaming live on the 15th of February
 The Selene Gaming Platform Team is building a unique Metaverse where players can build, own and monetize their gaming experiences using $SELENE token . It's an ecosystem that allows creators to craft play share and trade on a decentralized area and have secure copyrights . The token SENELE is a utility governance token and can be : 
It's an ecosystem that allows creators to craft play share and trade on a decentralized area and have secure copyrights. The Selene Gaming Platform Team is building a unique Metaverse where players can build, own and monetize their gaming experiences using $SELENE tokenSelene was planning on using copper launch, with an initial collateral of 200000 USD. The token SENELE is a utility governance token and can be used to transact with the platform SENELEgamefi. They get a game platform, where players spend SELENE playing games, buying equipment, or customization their character, and can collect some SELENEAlso, SELENE can be staking for passive revenues on land
 Block is aware of the correct auditing of the smart contract . Staking is the only possible method for collecting valuable gems and for developing catalysts . Tokenomics is 150M total supply, 15M team wallets, 22M operations and 15M marketing budget, 6 Advisors, 5 Seed Round . : 
Staking is the only possible method for collecting valuable gems and for developing catalysts. Tokenomics is 150M total supply, 15M team wallets, 22M operations, 15M marketing budget, 6 Advisors, 5 Seed RoundYes, the team is disgusted. Block is aware of the correct auditing of the smart contract. You can find the Trailer on Selene Gamefi Platform, click on their link, and you can also find it on Twitter, Reddit,
Xana is a layer 2 solution for ethereum and was custom built for Metaverse.It's a newgen metaverse where people interact in virtual reality.Use NFT to create avatars, and do business or be part of Xana World
For more infor Please visit https://xana.net/
Follow us on twitter https://twitter.com/XANAMetaverse