The Selene Gamefi Team is announcing the NFT Gaming Platform for NFT auctions, trades, and listings with the Play to Earn game platform and NFT staking.


 Selene Gaming Platform Team is building a unique metaverse where players can build, own and monetize their gaming experiences using the $SELENESelene would launch via Copper Launch . The project has raised funds from both private investors and angel investors and is a decentralized play, share, trade platform . : 
Cheyenne, Wyoming 28 January 2022, ZexPRWIRE The entire Selene Gaming Platform can be termed DAO fully driven by smartGet the game and earn money in a timely mannerThe NFC Market Place will be showing live on the fifteenth of February. The project has raised funds from both private investors and angel investors and is a decentralized play, share, trade platform. The Selene Gaming Platform Team is building a unique metaverse where players can build, own and monetize their gaming experiences using the $SELENESelene would launch via Copper Launch
 The SelenegamefI Platform uses the $SENELE token, which is a governance token that is built on the blockchain . A game platform where people spend money on games, stuff, or customizing or playing characters . TheSelene could also be staking for passive revenue on land . : 
 It was initially collateralized at 200000 USD. The SelenegamefI Platform uses the $SENELE token, which is a governance token that is built on the blockchain. A game platform where people spend money on games, stuff, or customizing or playing characters.  You may collect SELENE through gameplay and vote on theSelene could also be staking for passive revenue on land
 Stake is only one means to acquire the gems and catalysts needed for asset creation . Total supply would be 150 M.  15% team, wallets, and operations, 15% marketing, and budget, 6% advisors, 5% seed,the team is doxxed . : 
Stake is only one means to acquire the gems and catalysts needed for asset creation. Total supply would be 150 M.  15% team, wallets, and operations, 15% marketing, and budget, 6% advisors, 5% seed,the team is doxxedA block audit, a successful audit of the smart contract. See if there's a Selene GameFi Platform newest news and join their community from the links below. 
Xana is a layer2 solution in Ethereum. It is a custom build for Metaverse.New generation metaverse where users can interact in virtual reality.They create avatars using NFTs and do business. Also, they get to entertainment events at XANA World.
For more infor Please visit https://xana.net/
Follow us on twitter https://twitter.com/XANAMetaverse