The Selene Gamefi Team is announcing the NFT Gaming Platform for NFT auctions, trades, and listings with the Play to Earn game platform and NFT staking.


 Selene Gaming Platform is based on smart contracts and a blockchain . NFTs will be available soon . The date is 28 Jan 2022 and the entire Selene gaming platform will be launched . : 
The date is 28 Jan 2022 and the entire Selene Gaming Platform, based on smart contracts and a blockchain. You can play and earn NFT.  NFTs will be available soon. The Market Place N. F
 The selene gaming platform is building a unique metaverse where players can build, own, and monetize their gaming experiences using $SEL . The ecosystem includes creators who craft play, share trade in decentralized areas, get copyright and earn $selens . Selene planned to launch via copper launch with an initial collateral of 200,000 : 
 is coming up on 15 February. The ecosystem includes creators who craft play, share trade in decentralized areas, get copyright and earn $selens. The selene gaming platform is building a unique metaverse where players can build, own, and monetize their gaming experiences using $SEL. Selene planned to launch via copper launch with an initial collateral of 200,000 USD. Try on Senele, which is a utility and governance token that's built on the blockchain. Players can go through a game platform where players spend $SELENE on games, buying equipment, creating a character and collecting $SELENE
 It is possible for people like Selfene to stake passive revenue on the land . Staking is the only method to acquire the materials and catalysts that are needed for the creation of a property . The SELENE Gaming Platform is completely secured and safe . Block successfully audited Smart Contract . : 
It is possible for people like Selfene to stake passive revenue on the land. Staking is the only method to acquire the materials and catalysts that are needed for the creation of a property. 

Tokenomics:

150M – Total Supply

15% – Team Wallets

22% – Operations

15% – Marketing Budget

6% – Advisors

Allocation: 5% – Seed Round, 10% – Private-Strategic Round, 3% – Private Strategic Round, 2,7% – Public Round, 10,5% – NFT Staking rewards/P2E Reward, 1,8% – Launchpad Support, 6% – CEX Liquidity Reserve, 3% – DEX Liquidity

The SELENE Gaming Platform is completely secured and safeThe team is in disarray. Block successfully audited Smart Contract. You can get more information about Selene Gamefi Platform and join their community by clicking on the links below. 
XANA is the layer 2 solution on Ethereum and was built for Metaverse.The future of metaverse with virtual reality interactions.They can set up avatars using NFTs and do business or entertainment in XANA world.
For more infor Please visit https://xana.net/
Follow us on twitter https://twitter.com/XANAMetaverse