Apple stock jumps after CEO reveals it's investing in the Metaverse


 CEO Tim Cook said that he sees considerable potential in the Metaverse space . The Metaverse is a virtual environment created by users . It consists of social interaction, gaming, live concerts, and so on . Apple stock went up after hours of trading . : 
After hours of trading Apple stock went up, after CEO Tim Cook said that he sees considerable potential in the Metaverse space. 

When asked on JanCook admitted that he sees a lot of potential in the Metaverse, so he is investing accordingly. We are constantly exploring new and emerging technologies.  I have said at length how it is very interesting to us right now. The Metaverse is a virtual environment created by users.  It consists of social interaction, gaming, live concerts, and so on
 The metaverse is just one of the topics discussed on the call . Cook pointed out that Apple already has a lot of 14,000 apps on its App Store that have been designed using the AR developer . : 
I can see it in a browser, but it is better with VR and AR. Appl was down about 3% to 159. It is 22 during normal trading hours, then it jumps up 8% to 167. It's trading after hours. The metaverse is just one of the topics discussed on the call. I recall that it was mentioned in the January issue of the appleinsider. In the telephone conversation, Cook pointed out that Apple already has a lot of 14,000 apps on its App Store that have been designed using the AR developerThe ARKit app could help you explore Metaverse
 Apple is betting on AR, as long as Meta focused on Oculus and Metaverse in order to get users to get into the Metaverse . The Apple Headset was due for 2022, but it might be delayed due to hardware and software difficulties . The largest company by market cap, is lagging behind other technology leaders like Meta and Microsoft : 
Apple is betting on AR, as long as Meta focused on Oculus and Metaverse in order to get users to get into the Metaverse. The Apple Headset was due for 2022, but the news had gotten out on Jan. It is possible that it might be delayed due to hardware and software difficulties. Cook has an fondness for the Metaverse, however they believe the headsets are all games, messaging, and content consumption. The largest company by market cap, is lagging behind other technology leaders like Meta and Microsoft, both of which are moving forward with public offerings. The team at Meta poke around the head for Metaverse plans.  Microsoft recently bought Activision Blizzard for $69 billion to expand Metaverse
Xana is a layer 2 solution built specifically for the Metaverse.It is the next generation metaverse, where people can interact with virtual reality.They can make their avatars using NFT. They may also do business, or participate in entertainment events on XAna World.
For more infor Please visit https://xana.net/
Follow us on twitter https://twitter.com/XANAMetaverse