Cal cashes in on NFT auction, could high-tech fundraising be the future for higher education?


 Tech experts say that any item is one of a kind and cannot be replaced or copied . NFTs are dominating the digital world . People are paying lots of money to collect and own unique digital objects . The University of California at Berkeley tried to fundraise for NFT, but Margaret Valentine had to merge groundbreaking new technology with new techniques : 
It is in Berkeley, California. NFTs are dominating the digital world. Tech experts say that any item is one of a kind.  It cannot be replaced or copied. Ahmed Banafa, from San Jose State Tech, gives a breakdown. As with Monica Lisa, he says:You have a million copies but the first one is original. People can readily recognize that this is the original and this is the copy. It is a digital way of doing something. Today, people are paying lots of money to collect and own unique digital objects. The University of California at Berkeley tried to fundraise for NFT, but Margaret Valentine had to merge groundbreaking new technology with new techniquesI struggled to get my head around it and start to understand what it meant.  She talked about the research aspect of NFT
 The first Nobel NFT auction received a bid of over $53,000 last June . Jim Allison, who worked at Berkeley, won a Nobel Prize for a 'Cancer Immunotherapy' idea . UC Berkeley Chief Innovation and Entrepreneurship Officer Rich Lyons is asking to draw attention to the work and if some money comes in then that : 
It was an extremely cool project to work on. The first Nobel NFT auction received a bid of over $53,000 last June. Jim Allison, who worked at Berkeley, won a Nobel Prize for a 'Cancer Immunotherapy' idea. UC Berkeley Chief Innovation and Entrepreneurship Officer Rich Lyons ABC7 News is discussing the fourth pillar in cancer treatment. I am asking to draw attention to the work and if some money comes in then that would be great. There is something called a deep discovery, but it would make a good collection. Imagine a collector, who just did a thought experiment.  Who says that he wants to own the ten most important scientific discoveries of his lifeIt's a nice collection to have. When it comes to digital, ownership is important. Valentine says it was the students at Berkeley who joined in just 24 hours and created a decentralized autonomous organization. She continued, adding that it adds a whole new layer to how cool the whole process was. The Web3 concept manifests itself in that manner, funneling into this new technology
 Cal gets a percentage of the profit automatically for the next NFT transaction . Banafa SJSU believes that NFTs offer a new way to raise money and that he expects other universities to follow suit . Although discussion rages about cryptocurrency, there are still many questions about it . : 
Cal gets a percentage of the profit automatically for the next NFT transaction. According to Lyons, I'd say ten percent of your future revenue. This is a very interesting thing that people are interested in. We have all positive things for them.  Banafa SJSU addedIt protects, and it is a good source of revenue. Banafa believes that NFTs offer a new way to raise money and that he expects other universities to follow suit. Although discussion rages about cryptocurrency, there are still many questions about it. Why are you skeptical about some of the things going on?Yes, lyons has added another one. Do you think you should take it seriously?I'd say yes. In my opinion, you have to take both of those answers seriously. Lyons states that the university is interested in NFT auctions in the future. 
Xana is a layer 2 solution for ethereum and was custom built for Metaverse.It's a newgen metaverse where people interact in virtual reality.Use NFT to create avatars, and do business or be part of Xana World
For more infor Please visit https://xana.net/
Follow us on twitter https://twitter.com/XANAMetaverse